Adding Example On How to Inject OTEL IDs in .NET (#13921)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/opentelemetry.md

{{< programming-lang lang="dotnet" >}}

> To manually correlate your traces with your logs, convert the OpenTelemetry `TraceId` and `SpanId` into the format used by Datadog, then add those to your logs under the `dd_trace_id` and `dd_span_id` attributes. The following example shows how to convert the OTEL (System.DiagnosticSource.Activity) Trace & Span IDs into Datadog's required format,and then how you can inject those into your [Serilog][1] log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually correlate traces with logs, convert the OpenTelemetry `TraceId` and `SpanId` into the format used by Datadog. Add those IDs to your logs under the `dd_trace_id` and `dd_span_id` attributes. The following example shows how to convert the OTel (`System.DiagnosticSource.Activity`) trace and span IDs into Datadog's required format, and how 
 to inject them into your [Serilog][1] log.
```
